Codepen Link: https://codepen.io/cds621/pen/gObdyvQ?editors=1100#0
Questions:
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        HTML markup that has meaning to humans and computers. 
        For example, header and footer are semantic tags, while div is not.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML creates the structure of webpages.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Attributes modify HTML tags, such as the href inside anchor elements. 
        They go inside the tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        H1 tags are the biggest (and most important) heading on the page. 
        For SEO purposes, they should be used only once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        Anchor tags (requires href), and img (requires src).

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Title, links for scripts and stylesheets, any other metadata like page description.

    7. What is an id? 
        an id is a unique identifier that can only be applied to one HTML element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        anything in the body, as long as each id is only used once.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
        1 

    10. What is a class? 
        A class is an identifier that can be applied to as many HTML elements as you want. 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Anything in the body.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many times as you want. Also, elements may have more than one class.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        Add a target="_blank" attribute to the a tag.

    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
        Providing a description in case the image doesn't load, or the user is using a screen reader. 

    15. How do I reference an id?
        #id{

        }

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Section is semantic HTML, divs are mostly for structure

    17. What is CSS used for? 
        Giving websites style.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {
            font-family: "Comic Sans";
        }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        Classes can be used on multiple elements, ids can only be used once per page.
        Classes are good when you have many things you want to style the same way, such as making all headings the same size and font.
        Ids are good when you want to make one item different, such as a hero image at the top of the page.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .myClass {
            color: pink;
        }

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human {
            font-family: Arial;
        }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        The parent is the element that contains the children, such as a div inside another div.
        You can select certain children using the first-child, last-child and nth-child pseudoclasses. 
        This can be useful when you don't know the exact number of elements you will have, but you know you need a certain one to look different.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div a.sidebar {

        }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        They describe a special state of an element, such as when a user hovers the mouse over it.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div{
            border: 1px dotted black;
        }
         

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * {

        }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* Like this */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        It's shown after your username 

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm [fileName]
        But if you do this, it's gone forever

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        To collaborate with others more easily and make it easy to revert back to older versions if something goes wrong.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        After making any significant changes.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push --all

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
        1. Fork the repo if starting from someone else'same
        2. Add TL as a contributor to my repo
        3. Open up git bash and clone the repo to my computer
        4. Create a new branch of the repo with my first and last Name
        5. CODE
        6. Add, commit, and push the updated file(s) to github
        7. Create a new pull request
        8. Add TL as a reviewer to the pull request
        9. Make sure to add a comment so you'll remember what you did later
        10. DON'T MERGE IT -- the TLs will do that.




Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        Block elements take up the whole horizontal space on a webpage and always starts on a new line.
        There can be more than one inline element next to each other since they only take up as much space as necessary.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        Absolute elements are taken outside the natural flow of the webpage. They are positioned relative to their nearest positioned ancestor.
        By default, elements on the page are static. Relative positioning means that the elements position depends on the elements around it.
        Fixed elements will stay in the same place even if the page is scrolled.


    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        Set display to inline-block


    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        Block by default: div, h1 - h6, p, form, header, footer, section, table
        Inline by default: span, a, image
        Inline-block by default: I did a lot of digging and couldn't find any examples. Some folks on Stack Overflow argued that imgs behave like inline-block elements, but MDN classifies them as inline.

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
        The CSS box model describes the space that wraps around each element. 
        Margins are on the outside, followed by borders, then padding, then the content. 
        It is hard to get elements to behave the way you want them to with the box model.
        The issue with the box model is that when you set a width and height for an element, there will still be default padding on top of it. 
        One way to fix it is by using the flexbox layout model instead, which is more responsive to different screen sizes.